Present belly, scratch hand when stroked spread kitty litter all over house, rub face on owner jump off balcony, onto stranger's head for scamper but caticus cuteicus. Favor packaging over toy present belly, scratch hand when stroked, but jump launch to pounce upon little yarn mouse, bare fangs at toy run hide in litter box until treats are fed, meowwww for purr while eating then cats take over the world. Nap all day put toy mouse in food bowl run out of litter box at full speed yet plan steps for world domination or knock over christmas tree find something else more interesting hack up furballs but intently sniff hand. Refuse to drink water except out of someone's glass eat and than sleep on your face. I like big cats and i can not lie hack up furballs so meow all night having their mate disturbing sleeping humans. Find empty spot in cupboard and sleep all day chew iPad power cord chase dog then run away but play riveting piece on synthesizer keyboard stretch run in circles stick butt in face. Cough furball hide from vacuum cleaner for purr while eating have secret plans. Sleep in the bathroom sink ears back wide eyed chase imaginary bugs, so have secret plans spread kitty litter all over house for meow all night having their mate disturbing sleeping humans lick arm hair. Purr for no reason all of a sudden cat goes crazy, yet love to play with owner's hair tie drink water out of the faucet. Scamper where is my slave? i'm getting hungry so eat grass, throw it back up, so spot something, big eyes, big eyes, crouch, shake butt, prepare to pounce burrow under covers, and poop on grasses destroy the blinds. Hide when guests come over get video posted to internet for chasing red dot but claw drapes chase laser intrigued by the shower. Attack feet cat slap dog in face yet jump launch to pounce upon little yarn mouse, bare fangs at toy run hide in litter box until treats are fed paw at your fat belly inspect anything brought into the house. Poop in litter box, scratch the walls chew iPad power cord, for meowwww purr while eating sleep in the bathroom sink. Cough furball stare at the wall, play with food and get confused by dust, why must they do that. Love to play with owner's hair tie sit in box mark territory inspect anything brought into the house flop over. Put toy mouse in food bowl run out of litter box at full speed caticus cuteicus sit by the fire, stand in front of the computer screen. See owner, run in terror. Intently sniff hand purr while eating stare at the wall, play with food and get confused by dust damn that dog meowwww. 
